welcome to slash forward in the final
episode of the month we're going to take
a look at a film that gives a pg-13
appearance but then veers off down the
dark path at most opportunities
i'm talking about the seasonal anthology
classic from 2007
trick or treat if you like candy
subscribe to the channel for more
sweet content let's get to it
we opened on an elderly couple returning
from a halloween themed
costume party henry declines to blow out
the jack-o-lantern due to some archaic
seasonal rules his grandmother used to
scream at him
plus he's so halloween horny he's about
ready to just go dig a hole in the yard
but as they're watched by some sort of
burlap veiled creature emma insists they
get an early start on cleaning up the
decorations
to help henry manage his way through his
situation she sends him upstairs for
some foreplay with right hand sally and
begins to pull down the decos in a
somewhat aggressive manner
she has a moment of tension where she
sees a watcher from across the street
but it turns out to be some random punk
kid
but then her box of decorations explodes
in her face and she finds herself
struggling under the sheets
until she gets her throats lit by a
jagged lolly henry wakes up later and
goes to see what's taking so long
as he searches outside he comes to the
slow realization that emma is a part of
the yard crew now then we follow a dirty
ass bag of candy through the town square
which is active with the holiday
festivities
earlier we see the warren valley parade
is in full swing and the town square is
dropping with throngs of aficionados of
pagan traditions
despite the fact that the party is now
ongoing the costume shop is on
absolute fire as an industrious young
lad practices his future
trade as a world-class peeper were
introduced to a quartet of young ladies
suiting up as their favorite princesses
to help lori nervous about this being
her first time
find a match for the evening they're
here for the bonfire party are pretty
much
good to go so they begin jumping on any
able-bodied mail they happen upon
as they try to continue to reaffirm for
lori that's no big deal they demonstrate
how easy it can be you just walk up to a
guy and you fake like you're interested
in him while this is going on we
transitioned to charlie
a fairly lackadaisical prankster with
limited imagination while cleaning out a
candy bowl he is confronted by principal
wilkins
they have a seat to talk about the
origins of halloween traditions while
wilkins very aggressively carves a
pumpkin this gives enough time for the
tainted candy he provided to settle into
charlie's gut
creating some gi issues that manifest
themselves in the expulsion of his
entire soul
and the effort is so great that he
swoons afterward
wilkins finds it nearly impossible to
drag his girthy torso in without
squeezing which causes some disgusting
seepage and then he's interrupted by a
trio of students who actually are just
looking to borrow his jack-o-lantern
plus one actual trick-or-treater back at
party central we see that all the girls
have found their matches for the evening
so laurie decides to head off on her own
and trusts that she'll find a date along
the way
meanwhile principal wilkins drags
charlie to his conveniently prepared
backyard gravesite for disposal but is
interrupted from the upstairs window by
his son billy he tries to convince him
just go watch
charlie brown for a bit but billy's got
his own ideas and preferences
charlie brown's an [ __ ] he's then
assailed by the neighbor's nosey dog
thinking fast he breaks off a meaty
little digit to get the scrappy pup to
leave him alone
although he does attract the attention
of his neighbor mr green who gives him a
quick how do but doesn't linger for long
because he's a generally miserable and
unpleasant man wilkinson finds himself
awkwardly attempting to finish the job
with charlie while billy screams down at
him about needing help with the
jack-o'-lantern
after briefly observing his neighbor
acting like a weirdo wilkins goes inside
and is led downstairs for the annual
carving ritual
billy makes request let's curve a scary
face
this time and mr wilkins gets in there
with his unnervingly aggressive demeter
and we see that he really is a loving
and caring father
we then meet back up with our trio of
tweeners who learn a few things at a
local swingers party and eventually end
up at wanda's house which contains all
the jack-o'-lanterns they could ever
need
so they work their way into her good
graces meanwhile downtown we see the
parties turning red becoming adults only
in the back alleys off the main square
here leather dracula goes to town on his
date and it takes a minute for her to
register with her that she's bleeding
all over
he playfully allows her to stumble off
and discover on her own that amid the
din of the celebration her pleas go
unheeded
and the seriousness of her situation is
unrecognized now doomed she's laid to
rest near some fellow burned-out
party-goers
we then learn the kids plans for their
jack-o-lanterns involves the old
abandoned rock quarry
macy reveals they're there to pay
respects to the dead as this is the site
of the old school bus massacre
but which school bus manager jesus will
you shut up and let me tell the damn
story
oh okay we're gonna have a flashback now
back in the day there used to be a bus
for the high maintenance kids that the
local parents wanted to keep out of
sight
so it took them every day to a school
outside of town one day the driver took
a different route that led them on an
unauthorized field trip to the rock
quarry
embarrassed and overburdened the parents
pooled their money and made an offer to
the driver to lose their kids for them
and he happened to be just that kind of
scumbag so he parks nearby and gives
everyone a treat while making sure their
chains are locked tight but dracula
recognizes that they took a wrong turn
and is compelled to free himself from
his restraints and put the bus into gear
plunging them off the clip despite the
fact that the driver was never heard
from again the legend indicates that he
survived
they've brought a pumpkin for each lost
soul as an offering and after getting
the service elevator running they go
down in shifts
for safety purposes back at the festival
lori sees that basically everyone is
already paired off so she tries enticing
the last eligible bachelor to follow her
and then hurries to get to the party
before it pops off
as we circle back to the memorial we see
wanda descend in the elevator to the
misty quarry
on the way down they hear screaming and
see signs of a struggle upon reaching
the bottom
wanda is the only one brave enough to
venture out and have her friends backs
she gets all the way to the water but
doesn't really find anything except the
bus
sticking out oh in the ghouls that now
emerge from the banks and pursue her
she's chased through a fun house of
horrors until she loses her glasses and
falls backwards hitting her head pretty
severely the seriousness of this causes
the ghouls to take a break and this is
where we learned that it was just the
kids pulling a goof on her when she
comes too
schrader gives her little e-boy head
tilt and explains it was just a prank so
it's all good but it's never enough for
macy who throws a fit that their fun is
over and she extinguishes the final
jack-o-lantern while cleaning up they
wonder aloud how the bus became a part
of this
and then the calm night era erupts into
a cacophony of screams
the merry jokesters find themselves
being pursued by the lost souls which
desire more than pumpkins as an offering
when they arrive back at the elevator
they find it locked with wanda inside
the protective light of her
jack-o-lantern in honor of the fine
tradition of the season she declines to
provide any further assistance
ensuring that the dark souls get a fine
meal giving them an
ugg on the way up at the top she and sam
share a knowing glance and each continue
on their way
meanwhile lori proceeds through the
woods sensing that she's being followed
and satisfied that her subtle thirst
trap was so effective at drawing in an
actual predator and then back at the
party a red
caped figure falls from a tree the
ladies peel it back to find a very
confused faux vampire looking for help
then laurie saunter's in ready to get
lit when the vampires emasculated this
is revealed to be another persona of mr
wilkins as the camera pulls back and
they roll in the hot dog we all now come
to the full realization that this is a
den of slaughter
now we finally learn what this is all
about as the vixens dance around the
fire and begin undressing
so enthusiastically that they even begin
stripping off their skin and sheets
revealing themselves to be werewolves
preparing to enjoy a holiday feast
then we flash back to earlier again
three brave souls approach mr green's
unkempt house
the rules say once a trick-or-treat has
been initiated you have to provide one
or the other so he sends his dog out in
a fierce costume to scare them off
using the opportunity to stock up on
candy before going back inside to get
back to burning his personal mementos
while catching up on the latest
rotisserie news he hears a squeak at the
front gate and finds himself the victim
of a trick
so he grabs his bat and goes out back to
retrieve his dog here we catch our
bearings on the timeline as he runs
across mr wilkins in the grave
as he's locking back up spike alerts him
to the front and he emerges to find
someone has elaborately decorated his
yard
he almost breaks the cardinal rule but
then spike starts yipping upstairs
with evidence of an actual home invasion
he grabs his shotgun for this one he
proceeds upstairs slowly and heads down
the hallway toward a strange noise
he finds an animatronic hand in the bed
and then a jack-o-lantern lights up and
reveals a very incessant request for
treats while distracted by this he gets
his achilles tendon sliced in half
then sam reveals himself and peels back
the wrapper on his candy bar to further
reveal his intentions
green then fires on him but the room is
now vacant owing to some sort of dark
magic mr green attempts to lumber
downstairs but is tripped up by a
variety pack of candy and razor blades
that have been emptied all over the
stairs and result in some pretty
significant hand injuries this makes it
difficult to navigate his many locks
delaying him long enough for sam to
creep on him from the ceiling and then
drop down to go
crazy on his head in the struggle he
peels back sam's mask before blasting
him across the room
leaving us to wonder just what the hell
he is deciding not to take any chances
he goes ahead and pulls him up a bit
more before calling 9-1-1
the line goes dead but sam hasn't moved
yet but we find
his hand has as it stabs green in the
foot before returning to its body for
reconstitution
sam then takes a moment to craft his
weapon of choice and goes to finish the
job but his final thrust is deflected by
a juicy ass candy bar since this counts
as a treat
given freely by the tree tour to the
treaty sam gives a little curtsy and
proceeds with his errands for the
evening as he does we pan to the fire
and see that mr green was the bus driver
from the school bus massacre later on
after he's dressed his wounds we see
he's taken on a much more
halloween positive attitude giving
copious quantities of candy to anyone
who comes by
as he glances around the neighborhood we
see billy dressed up as his dad
wanda is walking around with her
pumpkins and the ladies are heading out
to the bonfire
then emma and henry return home from the
festival as he and sam watch emma breaks
a cardinal rule
and as we all now know and accept the
scales must be balanced
in that regard mr greene answers the
last trick-or-treat of the night for him
as the wayward souls that he lost
come back to take their offering
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
[Music]
doing an anthology wasn't so bad i
wasn't sure how that would go
especially with this one in that it
really weaves the stories together into
an unbroken narrative
rather than just showing multiple
individual stories with some central
method of cohesion
if you haven't seen this one you should
it was under seen and under-appreciated
when it was produced but has since
become recognized as a halloween classic
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching